Customer name and address options (#399)
magento/merchdocs: src/customers/name-address-options.md

<!--{% if "Default.EE-B2B" contains site.edition %}-->
![]({% link images/images-ee/storefront-customer-account-address-book.png %}){: .zoom}
_[Customer Account Sign Up Form]({% link configuration/customers/customer-configuration.md %})_

## Step 1: Set the scope of the configuration

1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to **Stores** > _Setting_ > **Configuration**.

1. In the panel on the left, expand **Customers** and choose **Customer Configuration**.

1. Expand ![]({% link images/images/btn-expand.png %}){: .Inline} the **Name and Address Options** section.

   Notice that the scope of the name and address options applies at the `website` level.

1. Scroll up to the top of the page. Then in the upper-left corner, set the scope of the configuration to one of the following:

   - Default Config
   - Main Website (or specific site for multi-site installations)

   The Name and Address Options section doesn't appear when the scope is set to `Default Store View`.

   ![]({% link images/images-ee/config-customer-configuration-scope.png %}){: .zoom}
   _[Configuration Scope]({% link configuration/scope.md %})_

## Step 2: Configure the name and address options

> 1. Return to the **Name and Address Options** section of the Customer Configuration page.

Reviewer: just above this, name and address option is not bolded as a section name.  check for consistency

Author: Fixed.

   If not using the `Default config` scope setting, you must clear the `Use Default` checkbox for each field before changing the value.

   ![]({% link images/images-ee/config-customers-customer-configuration-name-address-options.png %}){: .zoom}
   _[Name and Address Options]({% link configuration/customers/customer-configuration.md %})_

> 1. In the **Prefix Dropdown Options** field, enter each prefix that you want to appear in the list, separated by a semicolon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. For **Prefix Dropdown Options**, enter each prefix that you want to appear in the list, separated by a semicolon.
```

   Place a semicolon before the first value to display a blank value at the top of the list.

> 1. In the **Suffix Dropdown Options** field, enter each suffix that you want to appear in the list, separated by a semicolon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. For **Suffix Dropdown Options**, enter each suffix that you want to appear in the list, separated by a semicolon.
```

1. Expand ![]({% link images/images/btn-expand.png %}){: .Inline} the **Name and Address Options** section.

   Notice that the scope of the name and address options applies at the `website` level.

   ![]({% link images/images/config-customers-customer-configuration-name-address-options.png %}){: .zoom}
   _[Name and Address Options]({% link configuration/customers/customer-configuration.md %})_

1. Scroll back up to the top of the page. Then in the upper-left corner, set the scope of the configuration to one of the following:

   - Default Config
   - Main Website (or specific site for multi-site installations)

   The Name and Address Options section doesn't appear when the scope is set to `Default Store View`.

   ![]({% link images/images/config-customer-configuration-scope.png %}){: .zoom}
   _[Configuration Scope]({% link configuration/scope.md %})_

## Step 2: Configure the name and address options

1. Return to the **Name and Address Options** section of the Customer Configuration page.

   If not using the `Default config` scope setting, you must clear the `Use Default` checkbox for each field before changing the value.

> 1. Enter a number from 1 to 4 for the **Number of Lines in a Street Address**. By default, the street address is 3 lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. For **Number of Lines in a Street Address**, enter a number from 1 to 4. By default, the street address is 3 lines.
```

1. To include a prefix (such as Mr. or Mrs.) as part of the name, set **Show Prefix** to `Yes`.

   ![]({% link images/images/storefront-customer-account-prefix.png %}){: .zoom}
   _[Prefix in Customer Sign Up Form]({% link configuration/customers/customer-configuration.md %})_

>    Then in the **Prefix Dropdown Options** field, enter each prefix that you want to appear in the list, separated by a semicolon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For **Prefix Dropdown Options**, enter each prefix that you want to appear in the list, separated by a semicolon.
```

   You can place a semicolon before the first value to display a blank value at the top of the list.

1. To include an optional field for the customer's middle name or initial, set **Show Middle Name (initial)** to `Yes`.

1. To include a suffix (such as Jr. or Sr.) after the customer name, set **Show Suffix** to one of the following:

   - Optional
   - Required

>    Then in the **Suffix Dropdown Options** field, enter each suffix that you want to appear in the list, separated by a semicolon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For **Suffix Dropdown Options**, enter each suffix that you want to appear in the list, separated by a semicolon.
```
